the going may be slow but at least it's
steady for hours the miles gently pass
they can be away from their loved ones
for days taking only what they need and
relying on the kindness of strangers for
food and a place to sleep all in an
effort to track down just one animal at
risk
only another 20 kilometers to go but
after a couple more hours they arrive at
the village there are about a hundred
kilometers from the center it's taken
nearly two days to get here you can't
help feeling that everyone's expecting
to see an orangutan swinging through the
playground but it's quiet the kids are
in lessons and it doesn't take long for
word to get around the teacher called
them comes out to greet them they don't
understand because they'd never seen or
imagined before until orangutans all
come to the treaty
even though this village is in the heart
of orangutan habitat these children have
never seen one until it turned up in
their playground the teacher gives Miko
from the medical team the latest news
the nest is a sure sign the orangutan
spent the night here and the rescue team
aren't short of young helpers but with
this racket going on it's hard to
imagine how they'll find something so
shy and elusive
the team have come too far to turn back
now